hello that such welcome to the channel of the
güicho net this time is going to be a
very short video because we're going to
teach how to make a vinaigrette
cilantro ideal for salads for
fish for white meat and so on
let's start I give them the
ingredients
we are going to need the ingredient
main cilantro the one that will contribute
the taste we will need
lemon we're going to need olive oil
which you have at home we are going to
also need pepper
we are going to need salt
very simple, we started cutting
our cilantro does not have to be a
very small cut simply for
help our blender we're going to
put in the blender
we put pepper amount necessary
We put the necessary amount
we squeeze
a lemon
you should also calculate there your lemon if
It is very small, they put two and it is very
big with one is enough
we are going to need also
olive oil
a considerable amount remember that
the vinaigrettes in their majority of oil
preferably of olives for that of
the
with sterols and so on not very well now
this I 'm going to take it to the blender
I clean it and I show you how it is
well then come back I have here
liquefied our vinaigrette
the coriander
well it's all this video is very
short is a very simple recipe that by
today they asked us about a vinaigrette
for some salad some white meat
it smells very delicious this and nothing else is
to bathe in salads to bathe a
fish a chicken a payment what you
prefer to be encouraged to do it tell us
here in the comments
what did you think is very, very
share rate live
down here I 'm going to leave the link of
other videos sorry for other channels that
we are also driving to make them happen
to visit and good as well now
I was telling you, it 's all we see in the
next video take care